README.md, before:

# Swift-X-Algorithms

Algorithms &amp; Data Structures implemented in Swift X.

[中文版 README](README_CN.md)

## Preface

Hello!

Algorithms is the soul of programs. But I am a green hand in this field. Now I am trying to learn them well, to open my mind in thinking how to write elegant code.

If my code did help you, would you please give me a Star 🌟? It will courage me to move on! Thank you!

**No doubt that I would made some mistakes in it, if you find some bugs, please issue me. I am looking forward to discuss with you about the magic of Swift! Thank you!**

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mmdadao)
- [WeiBo (zh-CN)](http://weibo.com/375975847)
- [Blog (zh-CN)](https://maimieng.com)
- [JianShu (zh-CN)](http://www.jianshu.com/users/b88081164fe8)
- [JueJin (zh-CN)](https://juejin.im/user/576a484d1532bc006046d078)

## Contents

- [Sort](/Sort)
  - [Selection Sort](/Sort/01-SelectionSort)
  - [Insertion Sort](/Sort/02-InsertionSort)
  - [Insertion Sort Advanced](/Sort/03-InsertionSort-Advanced)
  - [Bubble Sort](/Sort/04-BubbleSort)
  - [Shell Sort](/Sort/05-ShellSort)
  - [Merge Sort](/Sort/06-MergeSort)
  - [Merge Sort Advanced](/Sort/07-MergeSort-Advanced)
  - [Merge Sort Bottom Up](/Sort/08-MergeSort-BottomUp)
  - [Quick Sort](/Sort/09-QuickSort)
  - [Quick Sort Randomized](/Sort/10-QuickSort-Randomized)
  - [Quick Sort 2 Way](/Sort/11-QuickSort-2-Way)
  - [Quick Sort 3 Way](/Sort/12-QuickSort-3-Way)
  - [Heap Sort](/Sort/13-HeapSort)
  - [Heap Sort Heapify](/Sort/14-HeapSort-Heapify)

- [Search](/Search)
  - [Binary Search Iteratively](/Search/01-BinarySearch-Iteratively)
  - [Binary Search Recursively](/Search/02-BinarySearch-Recursively)

- [Data Structure](/DataStructure)
  - [Heap](/DataStructure/01-Heap)

- [Leetcode](/Leetcode)
  - [344 Reverse-String](/Leetcode/344-Reverse-String)

## Why Swift X?

Because Swift is an updating programming language, it has a lot of new features and changes between different versions.

Currently, Swift versions are 3.0.1 (Xcode 8.2.1) & 3.1 (Xcode 8.3 beta). And it will be updated to 4.0 this year.

So I try to use X to overview the version of Swift to adapt to the newest Xcode.

## Reference

- [Algorithms & Data Structures in C++ (zh-CN)](http://coding.imooc.com/class/71.html)
- [Algorithms, Part I](https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-algorithms)
- [Algorithms (4th Edition)](https://www.amazon.com/Algorithms-4th-Robert-Sedgewick/dp/032157351X/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1481002530&sr=8-2&keywords=algorithms)
- [raywenderlich/swift-algorithm-club](https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-algorithm-club)

## LICENSE

MIT

Commit message:

Add desc of this branch

README.md, after:

# Swift-X-Algorithms

Algorithms &amp; Data Structures implemented in Swift X.

[中文版 README](README_CN.md)

> *This branch is developed under Swift 3.x, but its content is NOT completed.*

## Preface

Hello!

Algorithms is the soul of programs. But I am a green hand in this field. Now I am trying to learn them well, to open my mind in thinking how to write elegant code.

If my code did help you, would you please give me a Star 🌟? It will courage me to move on! Thank you!

**No doubt that I would made some mistakes in it, if you find some bugs, please issue me. I am looking forward to discuss with you about the magic of Swift! Thank you!**

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mmdadao)
- [WeiBo (zh-CN)](http://weibo.com/375975847)
- [Blog (zh-CN)](https://maimieng.com)
- [JianShu (zh-CN)](http://www.jianshu.com/users/b88081164fe8)
- [JueJin (zh-CN)](https://juejin.im/user/576a484d1532bc006046d078)

## Contents

- [Sort](/Sort)
  - [Selection Sort](/Sort/01-SelectionSort)
  - [Insertion Sort](/Sort/02-InsertionSort)
  - [Insertion Sort Advanced](/Sort/03-InsertionSort-Advanced)
  - [Bubble Sort](/Sort/04-BubbleSort)
  - [Shell Sort](/Sort/05-ShellSort)
  - [Merge Sort](/Sort/06-MergeSort)
  - [Merge Sort Advanced](/Sort/07-MergeSort-Advanced)
  - [Merge Sort Bottom Up](/Sort/08-MergeSort-BottomUp)
  - [Quick Sort](/Sort/09-QuickSort)
  - [Quick Sort Randomized](/Sort/10-QuickSort-Randomized)
  - [Quick Sort 2 Way](/Sort/11-QuickSort-2-Way)
  - [Quick Sort 3 Way](/Sort/12-QuickSort-3-Way)
  - [Heap Sort](/Sort/13-HeapSort)
  - [Heap Sort Heapify](/Sort/14-HeapSort-Heapify)

- [Search](/Search)
  - [Binary Search Iteratively](/Search/01-BinarySearch-Iteratively)
  - [Binary Search Recursively](/Search/02-BinarySearch-Recursively)

- [Data Structure](/DataStructure)
  - [Heap](/DataStructure/01-Heap)

- [Leetcode](/Leetcode)
  - [344 Reverse-String](/Leetcode/344-Reverse-String)

## Why Swift X?

Because Swift is an updating programming language, it has a lot of new features and changes between different versions.

Currently, Swift versions are 3.0.1 (Xcode 8.2.1) & 3.1 (Xcode 8.3 beta). And it will be updated to 4.0 this year.

So I try to use X to overview the version of Swift to adapt to the newest Xcode.

## Reference

- [Algorithms & Data Structures in C++ (zh-CN)](http://coding.imooc.com/class/71.html)
- [Algorithms, Part I](https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-algorithms)
- [Algorithms (4th Edition)](https://www.amazon.com/Algorithms-4th-Robert-Sedgewick/dp/032157351X/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1481002530&sr=8-2&keywords=algorithms)
- [raywenderlich/swift-algorithm-club](https://github.com/raywenderlich/swift-algorithm-club)

## LICENSE

MIT
